# SharkAI_Lessons
This STEM integrated middle school curriculum introduces students to artificial intelligence (AI), and specifically machine learning (ML) through the engaging lens of fossils and the science of paleontology.

The curriculum is structured with a scaffolded design spread across five modules. Each module contains an in-class lesson guide, with a variety of activities. These activities are suggestions for how you can implement this content. You are not required to follow them step-by-step. Utilize the elements that make the most sense for your classroom. K-12 standards (both CPALMS and NGSS equivalents) are addressed through these activities.

# About Shark AI
The Shark AI project is supported by the National Science Foundation under award DRL-2147625. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.

This curriculum was produced as part of the NSF grant no. 2147625[https://nam10.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nsf.gov%2Fawardsearch%2FshowAward%3FAWD_ID%3D2147625&data=05%7C02%7Cchihjoukung%40coe.ufl.edu%7Cdda3f0a138cd44d33d9708dc6a036393%7C0d4da0f84a314d76ace60a62331e1b84%7C0%7C0%7C638501809996336377%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=F5bUdMUOKbrv9A%2BB6JLQfDTfYe4qSsc%2FSmbYwlcbOLo%3D&reserved=0]. This three-year ITEST project focuses on Florida public middle school teaching and learning. It uses interest in fossil shark teeth to activate engagement and learning about machine learning (ML), and related AI topics of societal relevance. Learn more about the ITEST program.